---
layout: page
---
# Privacy Policy Notice

## The policy:
This privacy policy notice is served by Outlook Google Calendar Sync under the website; [{{ site.url }}]({{ site.url }}). The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information through the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website and assocaited application, and or refrain from submitting your personal data to us.

## Policy key definitions:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the open source software and developer of *Outlook Google Calendar Sync*, as obtained from this website.
"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website and associated application.
OGCS means Outlook Google Calendar Sync, the application.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.

## Key principles of GDPR:

Our privacy policy embodies the following key principles; (a) Lawfulness, fairness and transparency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accuracy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability.

# Processing of your personal data

Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases.

**Lawful basis:** Legitimate interests  
**Where our purpose for processing is:** To accurately identify which users of the application have donated and/or subscribed.  
**Which is necessary because:** To verify and ensure only those users receive value-added benefits within the application.  
**We process your information in the following ways:** Your Google account email address, as configured for use by OGCS, is (a) stored privately for internal records, (b) stored publically as an [MD5&nbsp;hash](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MD5) for automatic verification by OGCS.  
**Data retention period:** We will continue to process your information under this basis until you withdraw consent or it is determined your consent no longer exists.  
**Sharing your information:** We do not share your information with any third parties.

# Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;

* the right to be informed;
* the right of access;
* the right to rectification;
* the right to erasure;
* the right to restrict processing;
* the right to data portability;
* the right to object; and
* the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.

You also have the right to complain to the [ICO](www.ico.org.uk) if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.

We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.

# Internet cookies
We do **not** directly use cookies on this website. A cookie is a small text file placed on your device / computer hard drive and helps determine how you use a website. 

However, adverts are displayed (see below) and Google Analytics is deployed to provide anonymous basic usage statics which, for the website, may store cookies to achieve this. Although not visible to us in Google Analytics reports, Google does capture user's IP addresses before aggregating them into geolocation reports. To protect your personal information [IP address anonymisation](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052?hl=en) has been configured before IP data is sent to Google. Within OGCS, Google Analytics is used to help focus development of OGCS in areas that more significant impact by understanding which versions of OGCS and Outlook are in use, number of syncs performed and so forth. An option is available within OGCS to disable all telemetry.

# Error Reporting

At the discretion of users, any errors generated by OGCS can be automatically submitted to us for analysis. This is achieved by sending the 50 lines of logging preceeding the error to Google Stackdriver. Reports are anonymised, though some logging lines may include personal information; users are informed of this before enabling automatic reporting and can opt-out at any time.

# Fair & Transparent Privacy Explained
We have provided these explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website and OGCS to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.

# Sponsored links, affiliate tracking & commissions
Our website may contain adverts, sponsored and affiliate links on some pages. These are typically served through our advertising partners; Developer Media, Google Adsense or are self served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security. However we do not control the actual adverts seen / displayed by our advertising partners. Our ad partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences are requested as 'non-personalised' cookies may still be used for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and abuse.

Clickable sponsored or affiliate links may be displayed as a website URL like this; [www.rugby.co.uk/rwc](#) or as a titled text link like this: [Rugby World Cup UK Times](#).

Clicking on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions by using a cookie saved to your device. You can read more about cookies on this website above. Your actions are usually recorded as a referral from our website by this cookie. In most cases we earn a very small commission from the advertiser or advertising partner, at no cost to you, whether you make a purchase on their website or not.

We use advertising partners in these ways to help generate an income from the website, which allows us to continue our work and provide you with the best overall experience and valued information.

If you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the website.

# Email marketing messages

We do not issue any newsletters, subscribed or otherwise, or maintain a marketing mailing list.

# Resources & further information

[Overview of the GDPR - General Data Protection Regulation](https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/data-protection-reform/overview-of-the-gdpr/)  
[Data Protection Act 2018](http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2018/12/contents/enacted)  
[Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations 2003](http://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi/2003/2426/contents/made)  
[The Guide to the PECR 2003](https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/)

